Azure OIDC accounts (#2004)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/deployments/azure/ase/index.md

> For an external ASE that URI will be publicly accessible (e.g. https://yourapp.scm.aseName.p.azurewebsites.net).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an external ASE that URI will be publicly accessible (e.g. https://your-app.scm.aseName.p.azurewebsites.net).
```

For consistency with the changes below.
